# Purple-cheesecakes

  For my final project I chose to do a series of mazes. There are four levels.  The purpose of this game is to reach the goal of the fourth level. The first level maze is a regular maze.  For every level, if the player collides with the walls, the player will start back at the beginning of the level. The second level is also a regular maze, however, the walls are blinking.  The blinking of the walls distracts the player slightly, making it more difficult to avoid collision with the maze walls and reach the goal.  The third level of my game is a difficult maze.  The player must either use the buttons to go in a diagonal diection, or find a short cut to reach the goal.  The final level of my game, level 4, is an invisible maze.  The walls of the maze are invisible and only the plsyer and the goal is shown on the screen.  Th player must attempt to reach the goal without knowing where the walls of the maze are located.  
  When I first planned out my game, I wanted to to have more than four levels.  But as I started coding my game I thought to myself "Can I really code 8-10 different mazes?" or "Will my player actually sit down for so long to play a 10 level maze game?" The answer was no.  So, I decided to lessen the levels of my game to make it easier on the player, and myself of course.  This project did help me learn some new techniques.  For example, it helped me better undertsand the usage of arrays.  I used two arrays for my fourth level to make the walls invisible.  
  When coding my game, it was very hard for me to create the blinking lights for my second level maze.  At first, I had the lights blinking by using a display and a delay.  However, because I used those two structures, everything on my screen was blinking.  Also, when I coded for my wall collisions, the player went right through the wall.  
  Originally, I had wanted to use the LED lights at the top to keep track of the players score, but while I was coding for my project, I had forgetten about it.  I think I can now add that to my game to improve it.  Also, to improve my game I could make it so my game runs smoother.  On some levels, the player lags slightly and has a weird 'ghostly effect'.  
  When beta testing, I tested Natalie's project.  Her game was very interesting and I enjoyed it very much.  Sadly, I never made it to the goal or end of the game.  It was very difficult for me.  One crucial comment that I gave to her was that her player lagged a lot, which as part of the reason why I could never reach the goal.  
  Learning how to code games and pictures on the MJr. was very interesting and was a great experience.  Although most times it was difficut for me and took me a while to understand, I still enjoyed coding projects and games very much, especially my final prject maze game.  When I was stuck, I would usually use the arduino website or the Meggy Jr. Programming Guide.  These two sites were very helpful. My advice to someone who is first starting to learn how to use and code on an arduino devie would be to pay attention to detail, use your sources, and HAVE FUN!
